README.md, before:

# Inuktag

An atom plugin for creating the %mor tier of CHAT transcriptions.

# Installing

After installing Atom, look for its `.atom` folder. In Windows, it is probably
in `C:/Users/<your_user_name>/.atom`; in Linux, it is probably in
`/home/<your_user_name>/.atom`.

Download the entire code into a folder called `inuktag` inside
`.atom/packages/`. The code needs the dictionary containing the morphemes and
the corresponding glosses (they are not included here to prevent copyright
issues). You should put it in `inuktag/lib/data/dict.txt`.

Now just open Atom and the plugin should be accessible.

# Using

The file `keymaps/inuktag.json` contains the keyboard shortcuts for the
functionalities provided by the plugin. By default, they are:

 * ctrl+shift+space: Tags current morpheme
 * ctrl+i: Copies the current line into a %mor tier
 * ctrl+shift+e: Shows dictionary

(actually, these functions are not doing a lot so far. Hopefully they will soon)

## Comment on the `ctrl+i` functionality

Atom by defaults uses "soft tabs", by which it shows the characters as if they
were tabs, but actually inserts space characters in the files. This may break
the `ctrl+i` functionality (because CHAT files really need to have a tab
character after the beginning of the line, i.e., `%mor:` part).

To prevent this from happening, it may be a good idea to deactivate the
`soft tabs` in the Settings, in Atom. You may open the Settings going to
`Edit > Preferences`. Then click in `Editor` (in the left panel) and search
for the option named `Tab Type`. Then choose `hard` to deactivate `soft tabs`.

Commit message:

Makes Right Panel resizeable (see below)
This was a pain, but it follows the way some old commit of Linter did.
Probably, however, I'll try adapting the code of linter-ui-default into
this project (since it works and shows a decent table).

 Changes to be committed:
	modified:   README.md
	modified:   lib/inuktag-view.js
	modified:   lib/inuktag.js
	modified:   package.json

README.md, after:

# Inuktag

An atom plugin for creating the %mor tier of CHAT transcriptions.

# Installing

After installing Atom, look for its `.atom` folder. In Windows, it is probably
in `C:/Users/<your_user_name>/.atom`; in Linux, it is probably in
`/home/<your_user_name>/.atom`.

Download the entire code into a folder called `inuktag` inside
`.atom/packages/`. The code needs the dictionary containing the morphemes and
the corresponding glosses (they are not included here to prevent copyright
issues). You should put it in `inuktag/lib/data/dict.txt`.

*TODO*: explain that `interact.js` is necessary for showing the panel with the
dictionary, and how to install it. Without it, it was not possible to resize
that pane.

Now just open Atom and the plugin should be accessible.

# Using

The file `keymaps/inuktag.json` contains the keyboard shortcuts for the
functionalities provided by the plugin. By default, they are:

 * ctrl+shift+space: Tags current morpheme
 * ctrl+i: Copies the current line into a %mor tier
 * ctrl+shift+e: Shows dictionary

(actually, these functions are not doing a lot so far. Hopefully they will soon)

## Comment on the `ctrl+i` functionality

Atom by defaults uses "soft tabs", by which it shows the characters as if they
were tabs, but actually inserts space characters in the files. This may break
the `ctrl+i` functionality (because CHAT files really need to have a tab
character after the beginning of the line, i.e., `%mor:` part).

To prevent this from happening, it may be a good idea to deactivate the
`soft tabs` in the Settings, in Atom. You may open the Settings going to
`Edit > Preferences`. Then click in `Editor` (in the left panel) and search
for the option named `Tab Type`. Then choose `hard` to deactivate `soft tabs`.
